guides/fabric_joining_a_server.md, before:

## Fabric: Joining a Server

This document contains separate guides for
[connecting to a local server](#local-server)
and [connecting to an external server](#external-server).

### Local Server

The following steps are for streamers connecting to a local server, i.e. the Crowd Control one-click
setup.

1. Download and install the [Crowd Control PC app](https://crowdcontrol.live/setup).
2. In the **Game Selection** tab, select **Minecraft (Fabric) (PC)**.
3. Click **Start**. A pop-up menu will appear prompting you for information required to connect to
   the server.
    - In the host field, enter `localhost`.
    - In the password field, enter the default password `crowdcontrol` or a custom password if you
      set one.
4. Join the Minecraft server in your Minecraft 1.19.3 client using the IP address `localhost`.
5. Once you're in the game, run the command `/account link <your twitch username>` to ensure you
   receive effects that viewers purchase for you. Example: `/account link jaku`

### External Server

The following steps are for streamers who are connecting to another individual's server.

1. Download and install the [Crowd Control PC app](https://crowdcontrol.live/setup).
2. In the **Game Selection** tab, select **Minecraft (Fabric) (PC)**.
3. Click **Start**. A pop-up menu will appear prompting you for information that you should have
   received from your server administrator.
    - In the host field, you should enter an IP address or a website URL. This will usually be the
      same as the IP address that you connect to in Minecraft.
    - In the password field, you must enter a secret passphrase provided to you by the server
      administrator. The default password is `crowdcontrol`.
4. Join the Minecraft server in your Minecraft 1.19.3 client using the same IP address that you
   entered into the host field.
5. Once you're in the game, run the command `/account link <your twitch username>` to ensure you
   receive effects that viewers purchase for you. Example: `/account link jaku`

Commit message:

docs: fabric 1.19 server setup guide

guides/fabric_joining_a_server.md, after:

## Fabric: Joining an External Server

The following steps are for streamers who are connecting to another individual's server.

1. Download and install the [Crowd Control PC app](https://crowdcontrol.live/setup).
2. In the **Game Selection** tab, select **Minecraft (Fabric) (PC)**.
3. Click **Start**. A pop-up menu will appear prompting you for information that you should have
   received from your server administrator.
    - In the host field, you should enter an IP address or a website URL. This will usually be the
      same as the IP address that you connect to in Minecraft.
    - In the password field, you must enter a secret passphrase provided to you by the server
      administrator. The default password is `crowdcontrol`.
4. (Optional) For the best experience, you should install the mod yourself using
   [this guide](fabric_1.19_client_installation.md).
5. Join the Minecraft server in your Minecraft 1.19.3 client using the same IP address that you
   entered into the host field.
6. Once you're in the game, run the command `/account link <your twitch username>` to ensure you
   receive effects that viewers purchase for you. Example: `/account link jaku`
