guides/fabric_one_click.md, before:

## Fabric: Automatic Installation

The following steps provide a quick setup for running a local game server.

1. Download and install the [Crowd Control 2.0 app](https://beta.crowdcontrol.live/).
2. In the **Game Library** tab, select **Minecraft**.
3. Select **Configure Minecraft**.
4. Enter your Minecraft username and click next.
5. Select **Fabric** and click next.
6. Select **Local**.
7. Select **Click to install** and **Okay**.
8. (Optional) You may now select **Open Folder** next to **Minecraft** on the **Game Paths** tab and
   copy any Fabric 1.20.1 mods you want to play with into the `Fabric/mods` folder.
9. In the **Live** tab, select **Launch Server**.
10. (Optional) For extra effects and the best experience, install the client mod using the
    [Client Installation](fabric_1.20.1_client_installation.md) guide.
11. Launch your instance of Minecraft 1.20.1. If you added any mods to the server, your client will
    need to have the same mods installed.
12. In Minecraft, add the server `localhost` to your multiplayer server list and join it.
13. (Optional) If you're sharing effects with another streamer, run the command
    `/account link INSERT_USERNAME` to receive their effects. The username should come from what's
    displayed in the top left corner of their Crowd Control app.
14. Select **Start Session** in the Crowd Control app.

If you experience issues at any point, please reach out for help on our
[Discord](https://discord.gg/warpworld).

Commit message:

docs: suggest copying config folder

guides/fabric_one_click.md, after:

## Fabric: Automatic Installation

The following steps provide a quick setup for running a local game server.

1. Download and install the [Crowd Control 2.0 app](https://beta.crowdcontrol.live/).
2. In the **Game Library** tab, select **Minecraft**.
3. Select **Configure Minecraft**.
4. Enter your Minecraft username and click next.
5. Select **Fabric** and click next.
6. Select **Local**.
7. Select **Click to install** and **Okay**.
8. (Optional) You may now select **Open Folder** next to **Minecraft** on the **Game Paths** tab and
   copy any Fabric 1.20.1 mods you want to play with into the `Fabric/mods` folder. If you're
   playing a modpack, you may also have to copy the modpack's `config` folder into the `Fabric`
    folder.
9. In the **Live** tab, select **Launch Server**.
10. (Optional) For extra effects and the best experience, install the client mod using the
    [Client Installation](fabric_1.20.1_client_installation.md) guide.
11. Launch your instance of Minecraft 1.20.1. If you added any mods to the server, your client will
    need to have the same mods installed.
12. In Minecraft, add the server `localhost` to your multiplayer server list and join it.
13. (Optional) If you're sharing effects with another streamer, run the command
    `/account link INSERT_USERNAME` to receive their effects. The username should come from what's
    displayed in the top left corner of their Crowd Control app.
14. Select **Start Session** in the Crowd Control app.

If you experience issues at any point, please reach out for help on our
[Discord](https://discord.gg/warpworld).
